Beauties & the Beat
./img/BATB.png
We are Beauties and The Beat, the only all-girl a cappella group at The University of Texas. Like our page for performance updates! :)
https://www.facebook.com/BeautiesandtheBeat/

Collegium Musicum
./img/colmus.png
Collegium Musicum is a mixed chamber style choral ensemble of about twenty-four to thirty-two singers. We are one of the only independent extracurricular choirs at the University of Texas at Austin. Founded in 2010 as the Renaissance Collegium Musicum, we are one of the only choral ensemble that focuses on primarily a cappella works. We perform a wide variety of choral music from the Middle Ages through the Renaissance and up to the 21st century. This includes glees, spirituals, folk songs, madrigals, motets, and even major works. Collegium Musicum holds auditions each semester based on vacancy in the ensemble. We perform two concerts at the end of each semester and each consists of the same program. The group consists of majors from almost every college at the university and every level including graduate students. At the beginning of every Spring semester the choir holds a tour to showcase the Fall concert in a different atmosphere. For more information please email us at txcolmus@gmail.com.
http://www.txcolmus.org/

Fuse A Cappella
./img/fuse.png
Founded in the fall of 2014, Fuse A Cappella emerged from a larger music group at the University of Texas, HarmoNation. Today, Fuse is an official a cappella group on campus that embraces diversity, practices philanthropy, and competes as a family. Most importantly, its members seek to hone their skills as musicians. If you would like to extend your musical journey to community engagement and collegiate competition, contribute a new cultural perspective, or make a close group of friends, Fuse A Cappella is for you! Past performances include: LIBerator Launch Party, the Forty Acres Fest, Acapalooza 2015, International Competition of Collegiate A Cappella (ICCA) 2016, and additional venues as a group or smaller units. Interested in auditioning? Want us to perform for you? Contact us at fuseacappella@gmail.com
http://fuseacappella.com/

Hum A Cappella
./img/hum.png
Hum A Cappella was founded in 2001 and is the South Asian a cappella group at the University of Texas at Austin. Hum blends cultures and puts a unique spin on both Hindi and English songs. From its six-member inception, Hum has evolved into a group of highly dynamic vocalists who arrange all of their songs by themselves. We have competed at a variety of local and national competitions including ICCA, Jhalak, Taal, Nasha, Texas Revue, Gathe Raho in Iowa, and Anahat in California. We also perform at weddings and charity events. Hum released its debut album "One Try" in 2002, and we are currently working on producing our sixth album. Our team comes from a variety of musical backgrounds, and our collaboration and appreciation for a cappella music keeps us constantly moving forward. Be sure to check out our Youtube Channel: https://www.youtube.com/user/utxhum "Humsafar" can also be purchased on Loudr! Thank you for your continued support and look forward to more musical performances from your favorite Hummers!
http://www.humacappella.com/

One Note Stand
./img/ONS.png
One Note Stand is a competitive co-ed a cappella group at The University of Texas at Austin (UT), founded in 2009. One Note Stand was originally created with just a few members, but it quickly expanded to the fourteen young men and women in the group today.
http://www.onenotestandatx.com/

Ransom Notes
./img/ransomnotes.png
In 1996, two UT honors students recognized something that was missing on campus. That year Rob Addy and Kevin Watts founded the Ransom Notes, the first ever co-ed a cappella group at UT. Today the group has over 80 alumni all over the United States. Past tours have included cities such as Nashville, New Orleans, San Diego, and DC to name a few. Our repetoire stretches from Beach Boys to Boyz II Men; it consists of self-arranged pop, hip hop jazz, rock, singersongwriter, and alternative covers and mashups from just about any decade. We produce an album every four or five years, and our collection has grown to five studio albums and one live album. Thinking about auditioning or know someone who is? While auditions are always somewhat nerve-wracking, we try to keep things pretty laid back. We like to see how you can sing unaccompanied, match pitch, and blend with the group. Follow us on social media for announcements on the next audition session; we are always on the lookout for fun new talent! The friendships you make through The Ransom Notes stay with you for life.
http://www.utransomnotes.org/

Soul Blend
./img/soulblend.jpg
Soul Blend is one of UT's newest A Cappella groups. We focus on diversity in both membership and song choice. We're always looking for new members!
https://www.facebook.com/UTSoulBlend/

The Texas Songhorns
./img/txsongs.png
The Texas Songhorns is the premier tenor and bass a cappella group at the University of Texas. Founded in 2011, we've participated in the International Competition of Collegiate A Cappella (ICCA), Texas Revue (UT's largest talent show), and many other prestigious locations.
https://www.facebook.com/TexasSonghorns/
